https://codepen.io/DylanPage/pen/yLVQjjv?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Blocking html with certain key elements like p, h1, section etc. Instead of just using divs. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    creating web pages/structural layouts for documents

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute is something that is true about an element. It gives an element its content basically.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    its the title of a page, once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

    7. What is an id? 
    a more specific way of categorizing an element relative to a class

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all of them

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
     one

    10. What is a class? 
    a way of categorizing an html element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all of them

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    infinte

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    control click

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    a description of the image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is a section of a web page, whereas a div is a section of html code

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling webpages

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class and an id operate almost identically except that an id has priority over a class and has more specific use cases whereas
    a class would likely be used to edit multiple elements throughout the document simultaneously. 
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    div > p {

    }
    this is useful for when you want to style elements that are only within another kind of element, class, id, etc.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
      div > link .sidebar {

      }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        it selects elements that are in a specific state (starts with a colon)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    the box model/line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git rm, you need to be careful with it because it will not only delete the file from your repository but also your filesystem.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to update repositories without having to disturb the main branch

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    When you are ready to push your local repo? I'm not sure. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    First you fork the project from Github, then you add collaborators, then you clone the project into a local folder, 
    then you cd into the repository file, then you branch it off using checkout -b FN-LN. From there you work on the project in 
    your new branch. Once you are finished you add the changes that you made from your branch onto your main local branch, commit those changes
    , and then push those changes up into github. Once your changes are on github you can submit a pull request following all sufficient procedure.